# GITBTC-Prototype
Prototype Download of GITBTC 
As my close friend's portfolios have grown with the commission-free options trading movement and crypto boom over the past five years, it has come to my attention that all of these portfolios carry significant systematic risks to the downside markets. Though not a replacement to standard portfolio management, this project aims to help stabilize portfolios through downtimes but giving a variety of technical trading options to the user to take advantage of day trading tactics without constantly monitoring their accounts.  And though most of my peers are hopelessly addicted to their accounts, they still must, unfortunately, go to sleep at some point in the middle of the day and can miss significant moves in the options and crypto markets.  This loss of opportunity gains was the inspiration for this project. Though I am not the first person to ever construct a platform that day trades using technical analysis, I thought it would be helpful to integrate some of these methods into Robinhood accounts to accommodate the user better.  The downside to this convience is that Robinhood is not the greatest broker for short-term duration strategies, as execution prices are sub par compared to real trading platforms.  Through the GIT-BTC project, one will gain access to technical trading strategies on options and crypto-assets that will allow one to leave trade execution and trade settlement to the platform.  I will declare here that it is not a 'money machine' or 'algorithm my friend constructed that never losses money' but rather an automated trade execution platform.  The user still needs to monitor markets carefully and understand what each strategy and asset is.  


                    Note on credentials - I do not persist your data anywhere on the site or backend.  When invited, you will be able to access and view a clone of the code repository so you can verify and check my work.  Until time bieng , you will check trades and perfomance using the Robinhood app.  

                    Email me at info@git-btc.com
